battDB
======

Changelog
---------
* 0.2
  * DONE: 
    * Select columns to import
    * Get data range storage working
    * REST API File Upload
    * DeviceConfig working properly
    * Device specification tree structure (MPTT)
      * Metadata inheritance down the tree
    * experiment devices list
    * column to parameter mapping
  * TODO:
    * Multiple parsers support WIP
    * Full Harvester API & local client (ideally GUI) - PyQt WIP
    * validate experiment devices against config
    * API Test Cases WIP
    * User Flows (wizard-like interface)
    * Get plotting working again
    * REST API nested models, multiple objects per request
    * Immutable History - HasImmutableHistory - ManyToMany: Common.HistoryLog (JSON)
* 0.1
  * Ditched DJongo/Mongo - not fit for production IMHO
  * Created basic Django app to upload and view files ( #19)
    * Does not yet make use of Angular.js or any other frontend technology due to my lack of experience with such things. 'Djangular' helper module is no longer developed
  * Added support for "Data Ranges" to align with Luke's software
  * Started frontend development - added "django-plotly-dash' compoonent which promises to run Dash apps from within Django. This may allow re-use of some of the original Galvanalyser UI code.

Thoughts
--------
* DataRange - plot X, Y, Y2
* RANGES TO PLOT Overlay - field in Experiment 
* FK relation from ExperimentDevice to BatchDevice using ON DELETE RESTRICT
* Needs CSV file download of selected columns / data range
* Needs to support data analysis
* should support all features in Luke's galvanalyser
    * Automatically create data ranges by analysis - With label to indicate autogenerated or not
    * Allow user to define data ranges - needs a "range editor" - fairly complex UI code
    * Interactive Legend - (Luke used 'plotly' to do this, which is part of Dash, which is why he used Dash) this plots selected ranghes in different colours on same axes
    * Configurable scaling & line thickness for high-res plots
    * Ability to save plot configuratrion
    * Align Start To Ref - need more info on what this does and what it is for
* Needs PLOTTING of data
    * [Django-plotly-dash](https://django-plotly-dash.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) may be an excellent shortcut for me! This is an actively maintained (yay!) connector to allow plotly to be used in a django app
* Needs more parsers
    * Maccor
    * Novonix
    * Ivium
    * Neware
    * ...others?
    * USER-DEFINED PARSERS? Yes please. We don't want to be supporting 1001 cycler models and their quirks, for evermore.
* Needs a harvester (or API support for existing one) (issue #26)
* Search & Filter
    * Django should nake that easy. No manual SQL stuff
* Immutability of data (idea #8)
    * Add 'Last Created' and 'Last Modified' and 'owner' to HAsAttributes base class
    * Maybe a list of previous versions of self, if possible to do
* needs a name
    * liionsden?
    * galvanalyser?
    * battDB?


StackOverflows
-------------
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30246457/using-django-admin-how-can-i-make-sure-users-can-only-access-objects-they-own
* https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23779250/using-proxy-model-in-django-admin-to-customize-change-list-view
